pscanrules: reduce false positive from passive scan for private ip disclosure (#3074)
zaproxy/zap-extensions: addOns/pscanrules/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ## [36] - 2021-08-13
> ### Fixed
> - Reduce false positive from passive scan for private ip disclosure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed
- Reduce potential false positives from passive scan rule for private IP disclosure
```

As noted earlier it should be in the unreleased section. The version, date, link are all updated as part of the release process.

> [36]: https://github.com/zaproxy/zap-extensions/releases/pscanrules-v36

Reviewer: This should be reverted.
